how's it going there folks I'm coyness
snazzy labs and this is the video review
of the pure gear pure tech rollin screen
shield kit now this is available for the
iPhone 4s and the iphone 4 as of right
now however puregear has promised that
other devices are coming in the very
very near future now this is probably
one of the most interesting and
intelligibly thought-out products I've
ever seen we saw the keoki screen shield
earlier this year and the company has
since gone by the way sides due to some
manufacturing issues and the whole story
behind that is absolutely disastrous but
the concept an idea behind the keoki
screen shield was that it could be
applied without having to Finnick you
know it without having to worry about
the whole iPhone making sure the
alignment is right dusting it off
perfectly yada yada you just throw it on
and it's good to go now puregear has a
very similar take on this however
instead of using an anti-static screen
shield they use a polyurethane screen
shield now there are two main screen
shield types on the market like i stated
polyurethane and static now a static
screen shield like this as you can see
is that the ones we see in the sgp stuff
the switch easy stuff the power supports
stuff and these are historically my
favorite screen shields because they're
very very light they're very very easy
to apply at least a lot easier than
polyurethane screen shields and they
offer the best optical clarity however
these do have their brush fair share of
problems first of all they scratch
rather easy and they don't heal unlike
these screen shields additionally beyond
scratching they're not super protective
they will protect your iphone screen but
they're not totally rugged and they
don't offer much shock protection at all
now polyurethane is quite different from
a static screen shield it offers a
little bit of drop protection not a ton
but a little bit it heals so if you take
a key to your screen she'll give it a
couple days and it will be gone you
don't even notice and so for that there
are a lot more resilient however I don't
think that the optical clarity on
polyurethane screen shield is quite as
top-notch and historically they've been
unnerving ly difficult to install now
puregear is trying to change
trying to change the polyurethane market
and I think they do a pretty good job
with this particular product now if
you're trying to think of other
polyurethane products invisible shield
is one there are the best skins ever
there are bodyguards there's a lot of
different companies that do polyurethane
screen shields and they're the ones
where you have to spray your hands or
spray the back of your shield with soapy
water and then apply it use a squeegee
and let it dry for 24 hours it's a pain
in the butt so puregear is kind of
taking a turn on the difficulty of these
installs and they're doing it very very
easily so all you have to do to install
a puregear screen shield is a take the
tab right here there's the hardest part
unboxing you take the tab you pull this
outer shield off right here and here is
the actual product now there is a whole
system already set in place so that you
can install this one try one problem in
a matter of seconds no aligning for 20
30 40 minutes trying to figure stuff out
it's easy and it's you know not very
difficult now the price on this is a
little bit steep it's 1995 which is
about ten to twenty percent more than
the competitors however because of this
tray because of how easy it is I can
justify the more expensive price so
right here you have your roller and this
is how you're going to kind of apply and
you know get all the bubbles out all you
have to do and it's a pretty
intelligibly thought-out product you
have a little microfiber which we're
going to take to our iPhone in just a
second and we have this little back
adhesive and this says do not remove
it's a little plastic wedge and what it
does is when it senses tension against
this roller boom it gets out of the way
and it applies the screen shield without
any issues so let's try this let's see
if indeed it does work like advertised
we are going to wipe down our iPhone
with the included little microfiber here
and we are going to get at it it's
pretty clean already but we're just
going to give it an extra wipe down just
to make sure no dust or anything else is
in the way and we are pretty good so
we're going to take it and before dust
gets onto it we are going directly stick
it in this tray it sticks nice and easy
and
kinda it's a little bit difficult snap
in there there we go get my fingerprint
smudge out of the way boom okay we're in
business it's all in there and there is
no there's a tiny bit stuff right there
okay we're perfect so we place this down
and we take our roller now we take the
roller where this little indicator is
and all we have to do is roll that's it
it's all you got to do this thing is
done it's disposable and you have
yourself a screen shield now you can
take this roller to it to remove any
bubbles but polyurethane screen shields
do usually carry bubbles for about 24
hours you take this piece carefully peel
it away so you don't add more bubble
marks and you are pretty much done how
you take your iPhone you pop it out and
it's good to go as you can see there is
indeed a screen shield on it now there's
some bubble work up here all you have to
do take this roller to it and you're in
business unlike static screen shields
polyurethane shields need to cure so
it'll take about 24 hours but after that
24 hours these little tiny bubbles you
see will be completely gone they just
kind of wear out and so there are a
couple of bubbles now but there won't be
in a couple hours which is pretty
awesome and I do have to say that the
quality in this screen shield is the
best I've seen out of any polyurethane
screen shield it's hands-down the best
that I've seen in this class it out
classes bodyguards it out classes
invisible shield I still don't prefer it
to a static screen shield like sgp and
like a couple of other ones however
those do take a lot of time to apply you
can screw those up very easily and
indefinitely and you don't have to worry
about the protection this kind of takes
care of it now like i stated twenty
bucks is a little bit steep considering
that you don't get a rear facing screen
shield along with that but all in all
it's a pretty good value and i would
highly highly recommend this if you're
looking for a polyurethane screen shield
awesome product is very easy to apply
these bubbles work themselves out in a
matter of hours and
it totally simplifies the rather
difficult process of applying a screen
shield thanks so much for watching
please subscribe rate comment and as
always stay snazzy see you later folks